Add deprecation notice (#16)
eWaterCycle/jupyterlab-experiment-builder: README.md

# Deprecated

> The [eWaterCycle python package docmentation](https://ewatercycle.readthedocs.io/en/latest/system_setup.html) replaces the conda environment file. The eWaterCycle python package uses container tech to isolate the models. Having a Dockerfile with Docker/Singularity inside of it is too complicated so we have stopped supporting this builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The eWaterCycle conda environment replaces the environment file in this repository, see [eWaterCycle system setup page](https://ewatercycle.readthedocs.io/en/latest/system_setup.html) . The eWaterCycle python package uses container tech to isolate the models. Having a Dockerfile with Docker/Singularity inside of it is too complicated so we have stopped supporting this builder.
```
